# Post Mortem
The “Hot Dog or Not Hot Dog” style Google API application assignment was a very fun one to work on. This project was my first exposure to the Google API technology, except for its appearance in an episode of Silicon Valley, and I really enjoyed getting hands-on time with it. The part of this assignment that gave me the most trouble was simply understanding how the code surrounding aspects of the API worked. For example, obtaining the list of items that the API created to guess what it was seeing in the picture that had been taken, and the numbers relating to the likelihood of that picture being any of those guesses was very difficult for me. As object-oriented program often does, the code related to the API and its data was extensive and a little overwhelming in terms of the options and functions that it had available to it, such as Responses, used to add to the list of guesses, Description, used to obtain an item from that list, and Score, used to obtain that percentage related to the likelihood that the API’s guess was the same as the picture that was taken. With a little bit of research and a bit of help I was able to begin to understand what options were available to me in working with this code and the Google API.

I think, for me, the most fun part of this assignment was showing it to some of my friends back home once it was finished. I sent the screenshots found in my Design Document to one of my friends and he was blown away that we were working with image recognition technology in the Google API. I also debugged the application using my phone, so I have the application with me at all times and can show it to people any time and enjoy their reactions to seeing what computer science majors get to do for assignments.

Having finished the assignment, there is still more I would like to do with the application, like add a button to the end screens to allow the user to return to the start and try using a different picture, and possibly adding gallery functionality so users could try with their already existing photos. That being said, I will also need to add the code that allows for the pictures taken to keep their original resolution instead of being downgraded when being processed through the application as they are now. This is why I am glad that there is no assigned Project 4 for the class and we are free to touch up our previous projects with our current knowledge instead. Working on this project in particular helped me think of a few ways to improve the first two assignments, as well as take this one further.
