# Post Mortem
The Photo Editor application was very interesting to work on. I thought it was going to be exceedingly easy to just recycle the pixel manipulation code we came up with in Data Structures last semester, slap it into our MainActivity and call it an app. However, I was very wrong. Due to the change in language, from C++ to C#, I found myself stumped on a few of the pixel manipulation “translations” to C#. It started when I tried to translate the code for negating the color values in a pixel. Because c.R(or c.G or c.B) were of data type “byte” I could not just use them as they were for color negation, requiring using those values for an operation. Instead, I had to store those values into other integer variables, use those values for the equations, and then set the original color value to the result of the equation converted to a byte. Once I had that function available to me, the rest of the functions fell into place and I was able to complete the buttons.

The part that gave me the most trouble while working on this application was getting all of my editor buttons to show up on the second layout. Once I added my image view, I could only see two and a half of my nine total buttons. After tweaking the size of the buttons and changing from a grid layout to a linear layout, the half button turned into a full button but then I could not see my image view anymore. At that point, I added linear layouts nested into my overall linear layout and was able to see all of my buttons and my image view when that was done.
